Release v0.23.0 (#614)
fluxcd/kustomize-controller: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## 0.23.0

**Release date:** 2022-04-05

This prerelease adds some breaking changes around the use and handling of kubeconfigs 
files for remote reconciliations. Implements health checks for kubernetes jobs and 
updates documentation.

SOPS implementation was refactored to include various improvements and extended code
coverage. A new `ParsedIdentities` utility was introduced, allowing for age identities
to be imported once, and reused multiple times, optimising CPU and memory usage between
decryption operations.

**Breaking changes**:

- Use of file-based KubeConfig options are now permanently disabled (e.g. 
`TLSClientConfig.CAFile`, `TLSClientConfig.KeyFile`, `TLSClientConfig.CertFile`

> and `BearerTokenFile`). The drive behind the change was to discourage
> insecure practices of storing crypto material in disk, users should instead
> use the in-memory alternatives instead and follow best practices around
> encrypting and keeping such information protected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `BearerTokenFile`). The drive behind the change was to discourage
insecure practices of mounting Kubernetes tokens inside the controller's container file system.
```

Author: Applied the changes at both KC and HC PRs. PTAL

Reviewer: thanks!
